---
layout: page
title: "Terms"
description: ""
group: footer
---
{% include JB/setup %}
Bliss Invite Terms of Service
Effective as of Feb 14, 2013 
Bliss InviteInc. ("Bliss Invite," "we," "us," "our") provides certain services (as described below) to you through its website located at www.blissinvite.com (the "Site"), subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without prior notice to you. You should periodically visit this page to review the current TOS so you are aware of any revision to which you are bound. BY USING THE SITE AND ITS SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
In addition, when using certain services, you shall be subject to any additional terms applicable to such services that may be posted on the Site from time to time, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy. All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS.
The Service
Description of Service: 
Bliss Invite provides users with online event invitation and social stationery services, and customized web-to-print social stationery, through the Site and its related services, whether accessible via personal computer, mobile and wireless devices or otherwise (together with the Site, the "Service"). Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, shall be subject to the TOS. To the extent you access the Service through a mobile or wireless device, your carrier's standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply.
Age: 
Bliss Invite takes a child's privacy very seriously, and we adhere to the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. Accordingly, if you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use the Service, with or without registering. In addition, if you are under 18 years old, you may use the Service, with or without registering, only with the approval of your parent or guardian.
Your Registration Obligations: 
You are required to register with Bliss Invite as a host user in order to use the Service to create, save, send through the Site, and/or purchase web-to-print social stationery, track and manage invitations or correspondence, and as guest user to register a response to an event invitation that is publicly distributed on the web, as well as access the history of correspondence you have received for past and upcoming events. If you choose to register for the Service, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form. Once registered, you are a member with a password to use the Service. Registration data and certain other information about you are protected and governed by our Privacy Policy.
Member Account, Password and Security: 
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Bliss Invite of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Service. Bliss Invite will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.
Modifications to Service: 
Bliss Invite reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Bliss Invite shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
General Practices Regarding Use and Storage: 
You acknowledge that Bliss Invite may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the Service and the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Bliss Invite's servers on your behalf. You agree that Bliss Invite has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that Bliss Invite reserves the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that Bliss Invite reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
Conditions of Use
User Conduct: 
You are solely responsible for all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("content") that you upload, post, publish or display (hereinafter, "post") or email or otherwise transmit or use via the Service. You agree to not use the Service to:

post, email or otherwise transmit any content that
is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, or hateful racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of Bliss Invite or any other party;
constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, or use any distribution lists including any person who has not given specific permission to be included in such a process (commercial or otherwise);
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; or
in the sole judgment of Bliss Invite, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service, or which may expose Bliss Invite or its users to any harm or liability of any type;
"stalk", harass or otherwise violate the legal rights of others;
harm minors in any way; impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Service;
download any file that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot legally be distributed in such manner;
advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose that is not specifically authorized; or
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service; or
violate any terms which may be applicable for any particular area of the Service; or intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law;
use the Service in any unlawful manner or in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Service or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Service; or
obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Service.
Special Notice for International Use: 
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
No Resale of Service: 
Unless otherwise specified, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or transmit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
Intellectual Property Rights
Service Content, Software and Trademarks: 
You acknowledge and agree that the Service may contain content ("Service Content") that is protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by Bliss Invite, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Service Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) that you legally upload to the Site. Provided that you are eligible for use of the Service, you are granted a limited license to access and use the Site and the Service Content and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Service Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep all copyright or other proprietary notices intact. Such license is subject to this TOS and does not permit use of any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods. Any use of the Site or the Service Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Bliss Invite, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. The technology and software underlying the Service is the property of Bliss Invite, our affiliates and our partners (the "Software"). You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
The Bliss Invite name and logo are trademarks and service marks of Bliss Invite (collectively the "Bliss Invite Trademarks"). Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed via the Service may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to Bliss Invite. Nothing in this TOS or the Service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of Bliss Invite Trademarks displayed on the Service, without our prior written permission in each instance. All goodwill generated from the use of Bliss Invite Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit.
Third Party Material: 
Under no circumstances will Bliss Invite be liable in any way for any content posted by third parties or at the direction of users, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Service. You acknowledge that Bliss Invite does not pre-screen content, but that Bliss Invite and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Bliss Invite and its designees shall have the right to remove any content that violates the TOS or is deemed by Bliss Invite, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content.
User Content Posted on the Site: 
You are solely responsible for the content and other materials you post on or through the Service or the Site or transmit to or share with other users or recipients (collectively, "User Content"). You will not post any content that you did not create or that you do not own all right, title and interest in and to, including, without limitation, all copyright and rights of publicity contained therein. By posting any User Content you hereby grant and will grant Bliss Invite and its affiliated companies and agents a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicenseable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, transmit, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation of the Service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. You acknowledge and agree that you will remove any guest from an event guest list who requests removal.
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Site or the Service ("Submissions"), provided by you to Bliss Invite are non-confidential and Bliss Invite shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
You acknowledge and agree that Bliss Invite may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Bliss Invite, its users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Copyright Complaints: 
Bliss Invite respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Bliss Invite will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information:

an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site, with enough detail that we may find it on the Site;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Bliss Invite's Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:
Joe Tiano, Esq. 
us@blissinvite.com 
(212) 242-1234 phone 
Repeat Infringer Policy: 
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, Bliss Invite has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Bliss Invite's sole discretion, members who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Bliss Invite may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Site and/or terminate the memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.